Add creating-pull-requests and pull-request-checklist (#39)
mediamonks/frontend-coding-standards: README.md

- Always check your commit in details to avoid committing wrong code.

### Code Reviews

> Always let someone else review your code in the Pull/Merge Request. Make sure all code review comments are resolved, before you merge it! Read the complete guidelines [here](https://github.com/mediamonks/frontend-coding-standards/blob/main/creating-pull-requests.md).

Reviewer: I don't like `here` links. They are not user (and SEO) friendly.  Can we change this to:
```suggestion
Always let someone else review your code in the Pull/Merge Request. Make sure all code review comments are resolved, before you merge it! Please read our [Pull Request Guidelines](https://github.com/mediamonks/frontend-coding-standards/blob/main/creating-pull-requests.md).
```
